You just suggested the hand that pushed Wen Wen's daughter downstairs.
It turns out to be Sister Wisa's mother.
You misunderstood. Sister Wisa is not allowed to go downstairs.
Not you.
Don't think that you are hooked on love.
You can suddenly act randomly in front of me.
My daughter suffered a fracture.
Regardless of one or two legs.
You are in the wrong place.
I'm afraid I won't be in my lover's home.
Please give someone a leave. I, Lei Lan, can tip anyone.
I made a lot of mistakes before me.
The road she has walked. The cock cock cock cock cock cock cock cock cock cock that you have eaten
I'm afraid Cheng Chong will be filled with people.
It's going to be useless to me
Hey hey hey hey
I'm not a vegetarian either
Miss Yue is bitter
No, no, I won’t eat it either
Don't mess with yourself
The strength of you and me has already come into play.
You are still pregnant, don’t work hard
Lao Zhi, I am still pregnant with Yu
I'm afraid it has nothing to do with it. Don't feel hurt.